[OC-463] Updating docs and removing duplicated lines (#179)
opfab/operatorfabric-core: services/web/web-ui/src/docs/asciidoc/configuration.adoc

|===
|name|default|mandatory?|Description

> |operatorfabric.keycloak.realm||no|The realm name in keycloak server settings page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|operatorfabric.keycloak.realm||yes|The realm name in keycloak server settings page. This is used for the log out process to know which realm should be affected.
```
This property is mandatory because log out won't work properly if it is absent.

|===
|name|default|mandatory?|Description
|operatorfabric.settings.timeZone||no|Default user time zone for users (use|operatorfabric.settings.timeFormat|LT|no|Default user time format (moment)
|operatorfabric.settings.dateFormat|LL|no|Default user date format (moment)
|operatorfabric.settings.dateTimeFormat|LL LT|no|Default user date format (moment)

> |operatorfabric.settings.locale|en|no|Default user locale (use en if not set)|operatorfabric.settings.default-tags||no|Default user list of filtered in tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|operatorfabric.settings.locale|en|no|Default user locale (use en if not set)
|operatorfabric.settings.default-tags||no|Default user list of filtered in tags
```
